---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "mullvad_relay Data Source - terraform-provider-mullvad"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Optionally filtered list of Mullvad servers.
---

# mullvad_relay (Data Source)

Optionally filtered list of Mullvad servers.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Get a list of potential WireGuard peers in London

data "mullvad_relay" "wg_london" {
  filter {
    city_name    = "London"
    country_code = "gb"
    type         = "wireguard"
  }
}

locals {
  london_servers = [for s in data.mullvad_relay.wg_london.relays : {
    host : s.hostname,
    public_key : s.public_key,
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filter` (Attributes) Filter to apply to the available relays. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter))

### Read-Only

- `relays` (Attributes List) List of the (filtered) available relays. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--relays))

<a id="nestedatt--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Optional:

- `city_name` (String) City in which the returned relays should be located.
- `country_code` (String) Country code (ISO3166-1 Alpha-2) in which the returned relays should be located.
- `type` (String) Type of VPN that the returned relays should be operating - e.g. `"wireguard"`, `"openvpn"`.


<a id="nestedatt--relays"></a>
### Nested Schema for `relays`

Optional:

- `multihop_port` (Number) The port to use on this server for a multi-hop configuration (type: "wireguard" only).
- `public_key` (String) The server's public key (type: "wireguard" only).
- `socks_name` (String) The server's SOCKS5 proxy address (type: "wireguard" only).
- `ssh_fingerprint_md5` (String) The server's SSH MD5 fingerprint (type: "bridge" only).
- `ssh_fingerprint_sha256` (String) The server's SSH SHA256 fingerprint (type: "bridge" only).

Read-Only:

- `city_code` (String) Mullvad's code for the city in which the relay is located.
- `city_name` (String) Name of the city in which the relay is located.
- `country_code` (String) Country code (ISO3166-1 Alpha-2) in which the relay is located.
- `country_name` (String) Name of the country in which the relay is located.
- `hostname` (String) Mullvad hostname at which the relay can be reached.
- `ipv4_address` (String) The server's IPv4 address.
- `ipv6_address` (String) The server's IPv6 address.
- `is_active` (Boolean) Whether the relay is presently active.
- `is_owned` (Boolean) Whether the server is owned by Mullvad, or rented.
- `provider` (String) Hosting provider used for this server.
- `status_messages` (List of String) Information about the status of the server.
- `type` (String) The type of VPN running on this server, e.g. `"wireguard"`, or `"openvpn"`.


