docs/index.md, before:

---
layout: ""
page_title: "Provider: Mullvad"
description: |-
  The Mullvad provider is used to interact with the resources supported by Mullvad.
---

# Mullvad Provider

The Mullvad provider is used to interact with the resources supported by [Mullvad](https://mullvad.net). The provider needs to be configured with the proper credentials before it can be used.

~> **Note:** The Mullvad API is **not** publicly documented nor versioned; so is subject to change without warning, including the possibility of requiring breaking changes to the Terraform API in order to support changes to Mullvad's. My temptation is to fix these in *minor* version updates, so that users are immediately aware of the problem and forced to make the necessary changes (unless perhaps it only affects a particular resource or two) - rather than continue to (try to) use the old version which may behave strangely or not work at all. If you have strong feelings on how to version a package with a third-party dependency that may experience breaking changes without warning, please discuss it on GitHub, suggestions welcome!

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "mullvad" {
  account_id = "0123456789"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **account_id** (String, Sensitive) Secret account ID used to authenticate with the API

Commit message:

Add `mullvad_account` data & resource

docs/index.md, after:

---
layout: ""
page_title: "Provider: Mullvad"
description: |-
  The Mullvad provider is used to interact with the resources supported by Mullvad.
---

# Mullvad Provider

The Mullvad provider is used to interact with the resources supported by [Mullvad](https://mullvad.net). The provider needs to be configured with the proper credentials before it can be used.

~> **Note:** The Mullvad API is **not** publicly documented nor versioned; so is subject to change without warning, including the possibility of requiring breaking changes to the Terraform API in order to support changes to Mullvad's. My temptation is to fix these in *minor* version updates, so that users are immediately aware of the problem and forced to make the necessary changes (unless perhaps it only affects a particular resource or two) - rather than continue to (try to) use the old version which may behave strangely or not work at all. If you have strong feelings on how to version a package with a third-party dependency that may experience breaking changes without warning, please discuss it on GitHub, suggestions welcome!

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "mullvad" {
  account_id = "0123456789"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- **account_id** (String, Sensitive) Secret account ID used to authenticate with the API. (Required if `mullvad_account` resource is not used.)
